what kind of stir-fry has ingredients
such as garam masala coriander and
fenugreek a Polti stir-fry from
Charlotte a curry you cook in a wok -
authenticity char woods that add
simplicity at the time Oh your hair is
lovely dear that'll be the bridesmaids
come on love
look I've even got your old favorites
Kellogg's cornflakes delicious flakes of
corn drenched in ice-cold milk how could
you have forgotten how good they taste
Steve's got a lot to live up to your dad
Kellogg's cornflakes too good to be
forgotten if you moaning mouth Bing nice
to know when you stand really close it
tells you so
Aquafresh not only fresh and breath it
also helps fight plot gum disease and
tooth decay here's a fresh approach to
math at the end of the day refresh
filled stage with you Paulette love you
get on your knees and scrub you feeling
alright hey leave it to me pet if you
want pick up a few easy brownie points
pick up new flesh excel it's the
business it glides through even the
toughest grime so you don't have to get
down and scrub you flush excel does the
hard work so you don't have to
I love the blue fabric softener
freshness my Bold gives me I love the
yellow fabric softener freshness my bold
gives me but if you're after a time I
get used to it it was fantasize your
change bold gives me a choices selfness
so I can enjoy a new kind of freshness
all over again
bold the choice is refreshing the most
important ingredient in a char woods
ready-to-eat papadum is the madras Sun -
authenticity char woods add simplicity